the world has a way of changing
and we change too i know some people
there are moments that separate us
but we always come back together
we heard y'all needed a little love out
here
y'all ever thought about the wild
missions we've been on we've taken out
planes
trains tanks i'm not going to think
about the submarine
[Music]
now we got cars flying in the air
who is he jacob is
dom's brother
that's a long time dumb little brother
you always say never turn your back on
family
but you turned your back on me
now your little family is in my world
[Music]
are you ready whatever's on you is you
ready
it's someone else he's got his own
private army
we need help
no way
so how do you all want to play this fast
okay this is a bad time to mention this
but i don't drive
brother against brother this should be
interesting
but could you kill him
crank it all the way up get back with
the soldiers
even when we die we
hold on
and now
you spend the rest of yours
not today
really duct tape you acting like we on
our way to home depot
i don't wanna die
he has had a tremendous year michael
bryce
the bodyguard of the year
is he a relative of yours god no darius
kincaid's a hitman wanted for like a
zillion murders around the world and how
often do you have this dream
just once well that's not a night right
i'm thinking you need to forget
bodyguarding
[Music]
i'm officially on sabbatical and to be
honest i don't know why i didn't do this
[Music]
sooner
is the world's been waiting for me to
make this change
for the first time i'm starting to
imagine a life without bodyguarding
this really feels like a newbie
no bodyguard
that means no guns no killing and no
blood
what is he doing here
are you using pepper spray i'm on
sabbatical
how many times have you have you nearly
got me killed
not enough baby
we're trying to have a baby
i would make a great mother don't you
think oh my god a child would be so
lucky to have you as its host
i on the other hand will tell you
[Music]
everything
mr ward how would you like to make
50 million dollars on a warm
summer's evening on a train bound for
nowhere
met up with a gambler we were both too
tired to sleep
so we took turns of staring out the
window at the darkness
the boredom overtook us and he began to
speak
he said son i've made a life
out of reading people's faces think
about it
everything we did all those people we
say the way they held their
[Music]
we did something just
are you ready to play there's 200
million dollars in the ball to beneath
the strip
with a 32-hour window to get it out
find the safe this should be a simple
in and out
it's not too late to go back
[Music]
what
they're not what you think they are
they're smarter
they're faster they're organized
know
they'll be timing
what is this he's a goddamn
zombie tiger that's crossing the line
know when to fall down
[Music]
camille meadows is fortunate that a
space is opened up for you here at
edelwein
our climate can be quite competitive
this is our table
scram no i'm good here
[Music]
that light keeps flickering it must be
the ghost again
some girls supposedly killed herself in
the dorms years ago
i'm not sure i believe it what if i told
you there's a way we can find out
so you're going to do a seance spiritus
intervals
i have tragic news
one of your classmates passed away
tonight
i really think we need to tell someone
what's going on
what that we conjured a ghost and now
it's killing us
[Music]
if anything scares you hit it in the
skull
if someone dies in a bad way the energy
imprints on the surroundings
[Music]
and if you're sensitive you can pick up
on it
ghosts rise up to us
that'll find ghosts rise up to us
i hope you don't make me regret our
decision to enroll you
[Music]
the water man is real legend has it that
he's still living up by the lake
searching the waters and the woods for
his wife
so he could bring her back from the dead
this town is weird it's just different
here than what we're used to
yeah real different i know this move's
been hard for you that's been hard for
your dad too
he's just stressed about me
i always thought the water man was just
something cronus told kids to keep him
from sneaking off into the woods
no one knows where to find him no one
except me
the note i saw in this book says that
he's immortal
i need to know more about it got any
money
yes but i'm still going to need money to
buy supplies supplies for what
i'm going to find the water man come
into my office
i just want to know if the water man is
real but that forest is alive
being in those woods all alone no chance
to escape
i know how to make you better do you
know what he meant by that
there's some weird stuff going on what's
the sign
without getting close why
hope is a powerful force
[Music]
it made you see gunner
what you wanted i'm gonna find it
it made you see
me
one two
windows three your door cause you never
know for sure
[Music]
not playing any more games when i'm in
the states
i just moved here from here colombia
part of mexico is that
[Music]
i've always wanted to work in this so
cliche
you two have the tension we're being
detained no no no just uh
it's the tension it's not detained it's
the tension
[Music]
system
if this is real this could be a
groundbreaking idea
i am going to be applying to the georgia
aerospace institute are your immigration
documents in order
is
[Music]
oh you don't like it
kidding it's totally you
[Music]
aaron you need to be here
for the funeral we're expecting you
you knew him didn't you i'm an old mate
of luke's actually
i'm just here in a personal capacity
luke drove to his house at 4 30
killed his family headed here to kill
himself
you're convinced he did it what do you
think
it's all over town that you're reopening
the investigation who's here
it's the pigs you of all people should
be minding your own business
what what are you doing back in our town
boy
so you've heard some stories about me
i've had some
personal history with the girl who died
in a river 20 years ago
are we here's a connection between the
two deaths
where were you that afternoon why would
i lie because luke asked you to
i need a suspect i put them under enough
pressure and they just crumble
this has got nothing to do with me you
don't know
[Music]
i think you're gonna get the truths in a
town like this
[Music]
when you've been lying about something
for so long
it becomes second nature
it's a revenge trip we had one chance
we have truth
under the milky way tonight
focus features and participants present
an unprecedented documentary event
[Music]
for the first time on record the
children of nazi germany
give their final account in what may
well be the last testimony
of its kind exactly
um honored at the venice film festival
and by critics worldwide the times gives
it four stars
final account is an ambitious
exceptional
and important achievement
it serves as a timely and ominous
warning about
everyday evil and what happens when it
reaches a boiling point
this is the past speaking to the present
[Music]
[Applause]
me
[Music]
you
know
[Music]
foreign
so
[Music]
hmm
long ago i
found my way
on the shoreline load
the sea
i lost my breath
to the birds and the breeze
on the shoreline
the sea
[Music]
and oh the little things the smallest
things the little things remind me of
you
and all the little things the smallest
things the little things remind me of
you
[Music]